--------------------------------------------------------
Script 10 minutes
--------------------------------------------------------

Hi guys my name is Šimun and I am going to use the next 10 minutes to tell you about the Consensus Builder and Urban Game Theory.

I started building this about two years ago to combine my interests of Crypto and Urbanism. The connection is that in a most general sense what crypto makes possible is new forms of coordination and governance, and urbanism suffers from a range of coordination problems. Many times we are stuck in bad equilibria and we know we could do better if the we just could coordinate better.

The initial version of this tool was built for making easier urban interventions that are public goods, like roads, squares or parks, motivated by the fact that my city has too few of all those. But the tool is actually general enough to be used for any type of real estate coordination, public or private.

Today I will demo to you how to use it for any project that is related to urban land. The key insights here are:
  1. Onchain representations of things serve as public mailboxes (think of NFTs on Opensea that receive unsolicted offers all the time). 
  2. Most developers are looking for a good opportunity, not necessarily for an exact specific location
  3. Moving money in crypto is natural and easy

So, let's start. When you load the app what you see (after you chose a name) is the map of your chosen city (currenty two cities are suported), with a parcel map overlaid over it. The parcel information comes from public datasets and the idea here is not to just display this information to you, you can get that there, but to allow you to do some interesting things with it.

Notice that, because these parcels are NFTs, they do not really live inside our platform, if the platform ever goes down, all the components of it, all the NFTs and all the proposals and attestations stay on the chain, forever.

OK, so I'm an agent in this system, and the thing I see here in the top right is a bubble with my name. When I click it, I get more details. Please not that the data I am using now is test data to demonstrate how the platform works.

The details include the lists of proposals and a list of parcels I own. I can click a parcel to be taken to the parcel on the map.

Now, once I am on a parcel I can see its main characteristics, such as whether it has one owner or mutliple owners, which proposals it is involved in, and I can also create new proposals. Note also that I can either create a proposal about a single parcel, or multiple parcels, which don't have to be connected.

OK so I will select several parcels and create a proposal. The create proposal modal now pops up.

It asks me the key information about the proposal. This is important because you want to make the proposal attractive to increase its odds of eventually being accepted.

I will just read the options quickly because we can't go into all of them in details, but they can be complex and a few more are in development.

You also need to fund the proposal. You can fund it with 0, which is still going to create the proposal, and we could translate it to "hey I'm just floating an idea here" to "200%", which translates to "I have even more money than I have offered, and here is proof". As mentioned before, the parcels are inboxes, and the proposals they receive are messages. Crafting a good proposal may make it more likely for it to be seen and acted upon. Funding with more money is one strong signal of commitment and ability.

Notice that unlike verbal promises or even written promises in the real world, the proposals that are funded here really are funded, the proposer really has to have the cash and if they chose so they can deposit it into the smart contract, depending on the type of the proposal they are making.

So once we have created a proposal we get the proposal details.

Now the proposals waits to be accepted. For the purposes of the demo I have enabled it so anyone can Accept or Unaccept any proposal here from the UI. In a production deployment only the owners of the parcels can accept or unaccept the proposals that include their parcel -- unaccepting is possible for conditional proposals that depend on all owners accepting. If the proposal has not Executed yet, you can withdraw your acceptance at any time. But if the proposal has executed, or was not conditional, and you already received the money, you can not.

So that's it basically, the idea here is that as an urbanist or a real estate investor or developer you would make many different proposals, hoping some of them strike a chord, pique parcel owners' interst, perhaps even attract other backers, and get accepted. This is a very slow process, getting to acceptance on proposals of this type could take years or even decades in some cases. This is why as an investor you would make many proposals hoping some go through. But that is how it works in the real world anyway. This tool doesn't really speed it up, it just makes it more smooth by creating a layer that allows different parties to make proposals in a structured and comparable way, and enables parcel owners to see and compare the different offers for their parcels.

You can experiment with signalling and different proposals, such as expiring ones, or bonuses, to try to entice owners to react faster.

A feature that is interesting for the public goods is this little boos icon on the proposal details. Due to the nature of the blockchain the proposal treasury is public -- anyone can contribute to it. If you are wealthy individual, for example, or even a person from abroad wanting to help some public good in a far away place, you might want to donate to a park or square proposal that someone else has made -- conditionally, of course, so you can withdraw the funds if the offer is not accepted in a reasonable amount of time.

Now, you might have noticed that I previously said that offers can be accepted only by parcel owners? The question there is how do we ensure that those are the real owners of the parcels? The answer to the qestion of how to connect a real world asset with its digital representation is a hard one, it is not trivially solved, and it is not in scope of this particular project.

However, if you go to the tools section of any parcel, you will see some tools there and one of them is Claim. This will take you to another project of mine called the Attestify.Network. Thee, you can claim the ownership of the parcel represented by the NFT. Now, when you first make a claim, it will only say that you say "I own this". To convince other people that you do, you will typically need to get some trustworthy people to confirm (or Attest) that it is so. This platform alows you to solicit these attestations from other people, offer to pay for them, of course, they can also do it for free, and allow people to perform such attestations. Now, if enough trustworty people, such as lawyers or public notaries attest that you are indeed you and you do own the property and the NFT does represent the property, surely this can be trusted?

Well, that's very individual! We don't all trust all the same people, do we?

This is why back on the Consensus Builder platform we have the concept of Lens, as in "a lens through which I view the world".

A Lens is a group of individuals and instututions, represented by their addresses, that you trust about their attestations. When you mint a proposal you also pick a Lens through which the proposal will see the world. This means that only those wallet addresses that are owners of parcels *according to the lens* will be able to accept offers and interact with the proposal.

And you can of course change the Lens at any time and use different lenses for different proposals. But once a proposal is minted with a Lens, it stays with it.

The Lens system allows you to control how the set of people who can interacti with your proposals is determined.

And that brings us to the end, thanks for watching, the sites are at urbangametheory.xyz and attestify.network, both are live on the Sepolia testnet, you can play around and any qustions ping me on telegram or twitter. Thank you!

--------------------------------------------------------
Script 90 seconds
--------------------------------------------------------

UGT consensus builder is a tool that allows the creation and acceptance of onchain proposals about land parcels in a city.

It allows you to create proposals, of many types, which parcel owners can accept, if they want. The distribution of offered funds is automatic.


Hi man! I have managed to completely integrate Buenos Aires, everything is live and should work now (on Sepolia testnet). It can be used but it is hard if you don't know how exactly. I will record a short video explainer tomorrow. I'll ping you on Monday to ask you to take a look and hear if you have suggestions. Have a nice weekend! Off to have a beer.