------------
TODO Legend:
- to do
+ done
------------

+ Create parcel scraper in case we are blocked from access to data
+ Create a real estate ads scraper
+ Add belgrade to the dataset: https://portal.rgz.gov.rs/rgz-portal/map
+ Let's add a measurement tool to the map, like Google Maps has. There should be a button in the controls saying "Measure". When clicked, the next mouse click on the map selects the starting point of the measurement. We draw a line between the starting point and current mouse position and write number of meters (with one decimal) on the line. Clicking the mouse created an endpoint.
+ Add a small loading indicator when parcels are being loaded.
+ I wish buildings to be polygons that will fit inside the parcel polygon. Roughly, each side of the polygon should have a building facing it. It should be rectangular, it's nearest side should be at setback distance from the side of the polygon, and it should be buildingWidth wide. The length of each building should be such tht it fits the parcel and does not cross its sides or even approach them to less than setback distance anywhere.
+ create a Clear Local Parcel Data button in the sidebar. Clicking this button will clear local storage of all parcel data.
+ Add Park / Square / Single Building options
+ Add money / cost estimates for operations. To the sidebar. hardcode m2 price
+ Add saving or sharing or screenshot taking
+ fix problematic counting where blocks have extra members outside borders
+ clear highlighting when finishing roads
+ I need to add Contact, About and Help/instructions texts. Where would be the best location in the accordion? These are the texts to add.
+ Add Information section
  + Contact: Telegram link. Email.
  + About: This application helps communities reach consensus on future land development. This is an early alpha version. Do not put in too much work -- all data is saved locally in your browser and will be lost. See this link for the roadmap.
  + Instructions: 
  + Add a Roadmap page
+ I am uneasy about reapplyProposalHighlights() and updateProposalLayer() and other things in fetchParcelData(). I do not like the deferred call (what if it triggers and fetchParcelData has not yet finished?). But even more I do not like the function that should only fetch parcel data be responsible for anything else. Can you analyze the fetchParcelData() function to see how we can make it do just one thing, what its name says. For example in the case of updating the proposal layer, whatever is triggering the fetching of map data should be aware that proposal layer will (maybe) need to be updated once data fetching finishes. Am I making sense? Would it be hard to separate these concerns? Think hard
+ Let's add some transparency to the Proposal Details modal so that a bit of map can be visible through it.
+ Let's remove the + / - zoom buttons from the map overlay, nobody uses them.
+ In the mobile view the sidebar should initially be collapsed, not expanded.
+ Check all our info panels and modals (Parcel Info, Proposal Info, Agent Detail, show block list, etc) to see whether they are compatible with small (mobile screens)
+ Ephemeral messages. On mobile Ephemeral messages now conform to screen width but seem to be too thick, almost as if they have an extra row at the bottom. Text needs to be styled better. 
+ Consensus builder title. Let's make Consensus Builder title colapse into "Consensus..." or some such on mobile so that all three elements of sidebar's title bar (logo, title, head icons) can fit on one row. Reduce spaces and margins between the three too as needed
+ When fetching data from servers, let's add 3 retries in case the errors are 500. Small 2 sec pause between retries.
+ Let's enable parks and squares buttons for parcel blocks. They are enabled only while a block is selected. The park button creates a park. In 2D mode this is dark green, signifying grass, crisscrossed by winding paths and having a blue oval shape for a pond. Maybe sparkle some tree emojis? In 3D we'll also show the floor as dark green and also place some simple 3D trees.
The square button creates a square, which is grey color, tiled, and has a fountain symbol in the middle. In 3D view we'll draw a simple fountain.
+ I have some situations where I think a parcel polygon is being drawn twice on same coordinates. Probably because new parcel was added but old one was not removed or is still marked as current. Need to investigate and solve. Solved: mostly duplicated geometries in the database
+ We often seem to be stuck on page load on "Fetching data for 6 new grid cells (5/6)..." ... such requests should time out after retries and not hang but draw the parcels that were fetched. Would that mess up future fetching?
+ Let's add squares by analogy to parks. Squares should have grey surface and it should be tiled or patterned to represent cobblestones. They should not have footpaths nor ponds nor trees. They can have a few market stalls or restaurant terraces. They always have a fountain in the middle, represented by an enlarged fountain emoji (⛲️ or ⛲︎) in 2D image and a simple 3D fountain in 3D view.
+ Both squares and parks need to be proposals. This means instead of just being applied we need to get the Create Proposal modal which will allow us to name them (a randomly generated name should be pre-entered), offer amounts (a random amount is pre-entered) and see details about parcels involved in the proposal. The park and square proposals are full-fledged proposals, meaning they use the same data structures as road and building proposals, and are shared and exported with them too.
+ 3D mode is not instantaneous, can take time to render. Let's add a "Rendering..." immediately after the 3D button is clicked, so the user knows they clicked it and have to wait.
+ Let's add version information popup. The content of the popup will be read from versions.js. The array there will have version_number, version_datetime, version_text. When user first loads the page the version modal will show up. It has OK/next button, upon pressing which the modal either shows the next version update or closes if there are no more and we store in local storage in versions_read the numbers of the versions that have been read. Upon page load, before showing the modal we check localstorage to see which versions have been read. If there is at leastone newer version we pop up the modal. There should not be more than one version per day.
+ prioritize those users might be from (Buenos Aires added)
+ generalize the system
+ Add support for different languages/localization. Use AI to translate the first iteration?
+ On load we now load 6k parcels from 25 grid cells. Feels maybe too much and could be slow and cause problems when source is web/oss. For debugging purposes let's add a button "Show loaded parcels cover", visible only in debug/dev mode in the Parcels section, that will pop up a modal showing a small map and on it marked 1) the area for which we have loaded parcels, 2) a box representing the current map view. I want to be able to visually see whether we are loading too much.
+ OK so from this text "Cached 25 cells (~6.25 km²) • Overlap with current view: 2 cells (~50 ha) • Approximate coverage of view: 33.3%" and the minimap it is obvious that we are doing two things we need to change. 1) We are not fetching properly around the current view. On the 5x5 grid we load the current view is positioned in square 2,3 (x,y if coordinates start from bottom left corner). It should be on 3,3.
2) We should fetch less. Fetching a 3x3 grid (9 squares) where the current view is in the middle, should be enough.
+ Can you go through recent file changes and produce meaningful commit message listing the three or four most important changes?
+ Can you read the TODO.txt and see if there are any quick wins we have not yet implemented, but don't require a lot of changes? Just list them if any, with rationale why it isn't a big or risky change, don't implement anything. Some of the entries are quite old and we have either implemented or abandoned them.
+ Remove "already fetching parcels"
+ Investigate why it waits after "fetching parcels 9/9"... like a pause (this is worker percentage when worker is too fast... maybe we should just remove it because worker is very fast now, maybe we don't need the worker)
+ Parcels in map view: 1094 / add total loaded: (maybe also MB of memory?)
+ remove apply-plan on single click funtionality
+ check why on load we check bounds three times
+ make sure drawn yellow road is a layer, needs to be fast
+ make sure worker processing road application when done outputs 100% done into status, it is confusing now because last update is often less than 100%
+ remove "Highlight new government plan segments" checkbox
+ closing proposal details should remove the map highlighting of the proposal member parcels on the map
+ Parcels in map view seems too stable as I pan. It should be literally the count of only the parcels in the map view and it should change even on small pans, because some parcels will definitely get out of view, some into view, and it will never be the exact same number.
+ We need to add a route GET /buildings/?cestica_id=
It will return all the buildings (footprint, height) on the parcel
The tables to use are parcel and building_footprint
We should return only the buldings that are mostly (at least 90% of the area) contained within the parcel
+ We have a new subsite, https://urbangametheory.xyz/codechecker that allows checking, in Zagreb, what is permitted to build on each parcel. We need to add a button called "Parcel Builder". The button will lead to the /codechecker site. Let's place the button on the parcel info panel. The button should be 3D-ish, to emphasize that it leads to a 3D site. The icon should be bulldozer.
+ Add analytics to the main page. To add Clarity to any page add this:
  <script type="text/javascript">
      (function(c,l,a,r,i,t,y){
          c[a]=c[a]||function(){(c[a].q=c[a].q||[]).push(arguments)};
          t=l.createElement(r);t.async=1;t.src="https://www.clarity.ms/tag/"+i;
          y=l.getElementsByTagName(r)[0];y.parentNode.insertBefore(t,y);
      })(window, document, "clarity", "script", "twc9cfoupb");
  </script>
+ Parcel ownership. Let's populate the parcel info->info->owners with real owners if the game mode is not active. Every time we click a parcel, we should fetch the owner data, the source depending on which data source we have selected in the data section. Let's first work on the OSS flow. The ownership data is at the endpoint below. We need to fire the request for the parcel id in question, then populate the Owner label with the all possessor names and ownership shares. For Zagreb:
  curl -s -H 'Accept: application/json' 'https://o
  ss.uredjenazemlja.hr/oss/public/cad/parcel-info?parcelId=21657771' | head -n 8
+ we are showing ownership, instead, I want to show condominium share ownership. Note that when ownership is 1/1 the person has its entire share of condominiumShareOwnership, but when it is 1/2 or less their actual share is 1/2 (or whatever) of the value in the corresponding condominiumShareOwnership field:
  "possessors": [
        {
            "name": "ANITA KRIŽAN",
            "ownership": "1/1",
            "address": "Odvojak Lukoranske ulice 27, 10000 Zagreb, Hrvatska",
            "condominiumShareNumber": "1",
            "condominiumShareOwnership": "88/1000"
        },
+ Is it maybe the simpler approach to keep acceptances parcel-based but introduce subacceptances which are per-parcel and where all owners need to accept before the parcel is considered accepted for the purposes of the proposal?
+ The app has so far been made to work for Zagreb on Zagreb data. We need to generalize it so it can work with any city in the world. Buenos Aires will be the first test. Analyze the frontend code and report where it is zagreb- or croatia- specific, suggest generalizations
+ In Buenos Aires "show parcel numbers" checkbox doesn't do anything, let's see if we can make it show parcel numbers
+ In the city config let's add which sections of the sidebar will be shown and which will be disabled. For Zagreb we do not disable any. For Buenos Aires let's disable "Parcel blocks", "Buildings", "Roads". Let's make sure Proposals, which is currently disabled by default, is enabled by default for all cities. We'll need to rework the accordion-section-heading-as-checkbox duality as it's clunky. Don't change it yet but suggest how to improve it.
+ Refactor frontend to work with parcelId, not CESTICA_ID
+ After the CSS refactor all the modals have gotten bigger. Proposals is taking up the whole screen. Agent Detail is taking up the whole screen. Create Proposal is taking up the whole screen width.
+ remove the up/down buttons from the offer number input field, and leave it to be typed in only.
+ The sidebar show/hide button after the refactor is inside the sidebar. Let's move it to the right of the sidebar again.
+ In Agent Details the Proposals Pending () should also get a number in brackets and a text "No proposals pending", like the rest of the sections in that modal.
+ "Enable game mode" checkbox works but the text is grey, should be normal color
+ Buenos Aires is starting at different zoom level from zagreb, two levels more zoomed out. Start it at the same zoomed in level as zagreb, set it like this in the config if it is there, if not add it there.
+ Parcel Info (undefined) ID: 019-109-008A -> Parcel Info ID: 019-109-008A
+ In the parcels section of the sidebar the parcel number and the locate button should share their row 50/50
+ Clicking Accept or Undo in the proposal details' parcel card scrolls the view back to the first owner. Don't do that, leave the list where it is.
+ Move the "Select multiple parcels from Tools to Info tab of Parcel Info panel.
+ What is the default data source for production? oss it seems, need to change
+ Test proposal sharing in BA, make sure it works
+ Each of the proposal goal buttons, when pressed, by the user or by default when opening the modal, should be populating the description box with a default text. "<User> Park <day>-<hour>-<minute>", same for Square, and the two other buttons should also have something. User can change this but let's have something populated by default
+ The bottom part of the UI is sometimes hidden by browser ribbons or address bar. Can we make the bottom relative to the viewport free of browser's UI elements, not the screen, if you know what I mean?
+ On opening create proposal modal the focus is on the description field. On mobile I don't want this as it pops up the keyboard immediately and it hides much of the screen. Focus/select on the "Square" proposal goal button. Also, make the dewcription field two lines high, no more (if more text is entered it is scrolled). Also, the offer currency dropdown is too narrow, make it 30% more wide so currencies are not cropped.
+ Now do the same for the Single building modal. And while there set the style of the X button to be the same as Blockify's X button (remove the blue box, etc).
+ Why on mobile are not hidden some sidebar sections for buenos aires? On desktop they are, as per config? On mobile all are visible
+ If the Roads section is hidden in the config/settings, then the Road checkbox should be hidden in the Tools tab of Parcel Info. Let's make this a bit general if possible, so that we can have a way to connect different components thematically with some labels or tags or ids, and then hide them if they're not supposed to exist in a version? For now do it only to connect the road checkbox in parcel info tools with the road section in the sidebar. This is "Road tools" theme/feature that we can turn on or off via config.
+ NFT status: not minted yet. Click to recheck.
+ "Parcel Builder" button in Tools tab of Parcel Info in Buenos Aires should link to https://ciudad3d.buenosaires.gob.ar/ (link to the same parcel if we can find a way to do so), and in Zagreb to https://urbangametheory.xyz/codechecker/. The site to use should be in the city config.
+ in Agent Details panel, align the (you) button with the Name, so that they share the row are vertically centered with regards to the same centreline
+ Proposal cards in parcel info's proposal tab are full panel width on mobile, but not on desktop where they are just the central 30% of the width. Take them out of any container that is limiting them, make them full width, like we did for mobile.
+ Mobile view testing
+ The "share current plan" button in the sidebar is ugly. Rename to "Share entire plan (all proposals)". Make it a normal blue button with a share icon. Move it below the "proposals list" button. Remove the "Create proposal" button from the sidebar section.
+ equalize spacing in proposal type and proposal goal buttons
+ make usdt and offer amount be same heights, stylize the dropdown as needed so it has custom height and is not default system size.
+ in the proposals tab of parcel info we can remove the "Proposals (1):" label that sits above the proposals list. It is clear from tab heading it's a list of proposals.
+ in the sidebar's parcel section, make the parcel number input field and locate button same vertical height
+ Remove total spent from the sidebar. This is something we will track in the Agent Details panel (calculate from proposals made list). Just remove from sidebar for now, we'll edit Agent Details later.
+ Make block values in parcel info info tab clickable for Buenos Aires too. When clicked they should find all the parcels in the block, zoom out so all the parcels in the block fit the view and multi-select them. In the case of Buenos Aires we should not use our existing Parcel Block functionality for this, which is disabled, instead, from the xxx-yyy-zzz parcel ids we know the block and section for each parcel, and we should use that to find all the other parcels in the same block. We can find them either searching the memory locally or from https://datosabiertos-catastro-apis.buenosaires.gob.ar/catastro/smp/001/001 (section/block). If all the parcels are not yet present/loaded we need to make sure they are fetched before we do the multi-parcel select of them.
+ in Parcel info let's make Owners a scrollable section, container wide, below the owner(s) heading, that fits up to 10 or so owners as list items (also container-wide), and it's scrollable down to show them all.
+ Add the number of owners (sum of the number of owners of all the proposal's parcels) to the "proposal summary" section in create proposal
+ Add owner count to multi-select mode
+ Add owner count to single parcel selection
+ in multiparcel selection the "Selected Parcels:" label shares the row with the list of parcels, separate them out, put the label above and the list below, make sure the list is container-wide.
+ in multiparcel selection add "Total owners:" to the three existing labels. Make the four labels share two rows, similar to how we do it in single parcel view (with light borders). Rename "Est. Total Value" to "Est. Value"
+ Investigate what else happens when a proposal is executed and why on page reload we don't have a clickable parcel on that area any more.
+ Should we expand the sidebar to full screen width on mobile? What do you think? Currently we don't, it's like 80%, a bit of map is visible
+ There is odd overlap of the user bubble in the top right with the sidebar toggle button and the sidebar content itself when the sidebar is expanded.
+ There should be a modal after the wallet confirmation that will say "Success! Proposal <id> has been minted!" with a "View on Etherscan" button/link and OK button. Clicking OK closes the modal and Proposl Details modal opens.
+ Add two labels "Minted" in light green and "In-memory" in light yellow. Put somewhere around the top of the proposal details modal. Proposals that have been minted get the first one, those that haven't been minted get the second. Make sure this label travels also in the data when a proposal is shared.
+ Modify blockchain/scripts/mint-parcels.js so that it can create SVG images from parcel geometry (plus the labels) to use when uploading to Pinata. It should use the same algorithm we are using in the frontend to create svgs for forwarding to attestify.network
+ Whenever the proposal details modal is opened, it should trigger a fetch for any parcels it can't find in memory
+ Amount decay -> bonus decay
+ Investigate if NFT contracts have NFTs per owner, if not why not and should we add this maybe? Expensive in gas sure, but convenient. Enumerable actually kind of has.
+ Spanish localization
+ Default proposal type is "conditional", triggers only if all sellers accept. But introduce also the "partial/individual/immediate" proposal type. This is a proposal that triggers a proportional amount to the parcel owner that accepts, when he accepts. No waiting for all owners to accept. Introduce both in smart contracts and frontend.
+ Información de la parcela ID: 001-041-000 (shorten the name and/or break the id into new line)
+ When a proposal is executed there is not one but two ephemeral messages. One should be enough
+ Etherscan and/or ATN links for addresses in the Lens tab
+ Option in Agent Details to connect address and name by attesting it
+ Figure out the whole simulation vs minting flow. Everywhere we allow "Connect Wallet" allow also "Create in memory"?
+ group by geom in the parcel data to make sure some parcels are not coming twice, delete duplicates
+ There is quite a bit of javascript in the index.html. Think hard and propose new .js file(s) to sequester it into
+ What happens, what events are triggered, when I use the mouse to only slightly change the browser window size? Somehow the window content refreshes? The thing is sometimes in our site we have a situation where the map tiles are loaded and the parcel data is loaded and it is all there and ready but just not drawn/refreshed and visible, instead, part of the map or all of it is grey. But if I resize the outer browser window even slightly everything becomes visible. Should we and can we force a "window resized" event/ping when "loaded x parcels from y grid cells" finishes, so that we force the screen to redraw? I do not want an internal recalculation or redraw or refech of data, just this external redraw, for lack of a better word. Solved: forcing a resize event to be sent at the end of parcel load.
+ Create GET /ads api endpoint. Returns a list of pairs that are in ads as pairs (parcel, ad data). Possible params are: min ad creation date, map bounding box, parcel_id). Tables used: parcel, ad_parcel, ad.
+ show ads on map, yellowing the parcels. Show them also in zoomed out levels where other parcels are not shown
+ add parcel deep link to the tools/codechecker button
+ ask whether the refactor of parcel.js was worth it and should be kept or not
+ make the language picker a button instead of switcher. The button shows only the currently selected language. Clicking it will open a dropdown with all the languages.
+ serbian translation
+ belgrade cadastre via VPN
+ reply to reddit
+ apply to speak at ETH Denver
+ Sidebar toggle button is visible in 3D view, as is the agent/user bubble in the upper right! Neither should not be visible or accessible in 3D view.
+ All the buttons have become larger after CSS refactor, maybe reduce size? Nah it is better.
+ "Amount/Offer/Bonus Decay" and "50 % over" in same line? Nah.
+ index.css is too large. Let's start to break it up. Think hard and suggest, based on its current content and the application logic and best practices, the names and content of the smaller topic-specific .css files we could use.
+ Enable the single building button. It will work very much like the Buildings button, but instead of a building block it will add a single building. It will also have a modal but with somewhat different sliders. It will start by drawing a small (3m x 6m, if it fits) fully enclosed rectangle polygon in the middle of the parcel. Sliders control length and width of the rectangle. We will allow user to drag around the polygon position (which must always be fully within the parcel polygon) with a mouse.
+ We need to know which part/slice of a 3D building "belongs" to which parcel. Add lines to the 3D buildings that slice them between parcels. Done, works on hover
+ I see road proposals when I click on parcels. Given that applied road proposals modify parcels, create new parcels, and create a separate parcel for the road... roads should not appear in proposals() tab of the parcels that are clickable on the map. Roads of course are proposals for certain parcels, but those parcels are not visible by default. OK nevermind actually this is good.
+ Let's make pressing button 'C' activate Create Proposal modal with whichever parcel or set of parcels is currently selected

----------
UNFINISHED
----------

- Add intro/demo/tutorial at the beginning. Add a "Show tutorial" button to the Information section of the sidebar and rename the section Help/Information. The tutorial should be autostarted at first load (after the version information and after username creation) and if completed or closed we mark it completed in local storage and it is not shown again on browser refresh. It can be restarted anytime using the button in the sidebar. The tutorial will consist of a modal with a block of text explaining something and an arrow pointing from the modal to a particular place in the UI. The modal has three buttons: "Previous", "Exit", "Next". There will also be an X/Y label for pages/slides (x out of y). During the demo the user can only use the tutorial modal buttons and cannot use any other parts of the UI. The text is in intro.js array demoText = []. Create demo-manager.js to handle the demo. Each step of the demo will have three parts to it: arrow target (can be empty), demo text (must not be empty), demo action (can be empty). Arrow target describes the DOM object the arrow will point to. At the sharp end of the arrow also a circle should be drawn around the object pointed to. Maybe we darken or blur everything but the DOM object pointed to. Demo action is a function that will actually trigger some app functionality.
- AI can do image analysis now. Think which parts of this app can be outsourced to AI and focus on those that cannot
- Dialogs/Modals/Panels style unification. These should essentially all use the same basic style with very few differences because their content is different.
- Add separate setbacks for each parcel polygon side. Figure out setbacks from roads
- Major feature: improve UX by switching to context-based menus, eliminating the sidebar completely or almost completely. For example for parcel blocks, remove operations from sidebar into icons and panels that are on the map.
- After parcel slices manage to work in 3D, add a checkbox to turn them off
- What is difference between proposals.js and proposal-manager.js. Refactor?
- How can I build frontend regression tests?
- Problem to think through: voluntary commasation that includes full plan -- how to represent in the system? Roads in commasation vs standalone road proposals.
- Does accepting descendant mean you accept ancestors, if they include your parcels?
- Add button in tools to mint a parcel. Clicking it opens a small modal showing the parcel id, the image, the metadata, the parcel contract that will be used.
- make the sidebar also a bit translucent?
- Maybe integrate Buenos Aires parcel pictures? Is also a free API...
- In parcel info maybe sort owners by share descending?
- Proposal as an Attestation, instead of an NFT?
- Wire up the Accept / Undo buttons with the smart contract's acceptProposal() and withdrawAcceptance() functions, respectively. In debug mode, these buttons are visible to anyone and can be called (but will fail most likely). When not in debug mode the buttons should be shown only when the currently connected account is the owner of the parcel.
- A button to batch mint all in block? Nah do it backend side...
- Should claim button pass along the network? Probably! Can we set it on the destination?
- Offers as pay-to-read mailboxes
- Make hidden proposals only recepients can see?
- Make hidden proposals not even recepients can see entirely, just their share?
- Add profitability estimates
- Calculate purchase likelihood score
- Connect the system with an advertising backend API that serves the parcels that are on the market currently. This may serve as inspiration for creating proposals.
- If you log in after a while, maybe we show you bubble heads so you can catch up with proposals created since you left?
- How do we deal with real-world cadastre parcel splits or mergers?
- Sync status of proposal so accepting all in UI and not accepting on smart contract are in sync
- "Difference between a bearer instrument and faitful record and representation of certain rights"
- maybe draw only parcel borders, not the pink thing? But was useful to debug issues...
- Add ability to place custom labels to map (random positions or attach to things?)
- On clicking isRoad name the road (automatically but editable?)
- Could pressing 'I' while in track/road drawing mode pop up Parcel Info as a modal in the middle of the screen, with an x (esc) button to close it? The parcel whose info would be displayed would be the parcel below the mouse button. The parcel would not get selected. The modal would have all links and interative fields disabled...
- Buenos aires ad scraper?
- Create german, french, hindu, russian, chinese translations, but do not wire them in yet, just create the .json files for them and translate the strings from english.
- Track game: the game is to get the most likelier to build, at least cost?
- check celsius and coinbase

- We can probably merge Block Info and Parcel Info panels at some point

- At some point we should rename the Blockify file/variables into Urban Rule Blocks
- At some point we should rename the Single Building file/variables into Buildings

- Q: can this be gamified into a monopoly-like game? Where people strategically purchase parcels so they unlock higher building ratios, which airdrops them more meme tokens?

- User-input string-censoring using AI? Is this why we need user accounts?

- add building tags to the single building menu


+ proposal cards everywhere (proposal list modal, parcel info proposal tab, share plan list of proposals...) where proposals are used are using "Lake" as title for every lake, same with Park and Square. Every time when we create a proposal, of any type, it should get a proposalId, a proposalName and proposalDescription. The latter two are from the "create proposal" modal, fields Name and Descriotion respectively. In all the cards we should be using the proposalName where we currently have just the type (or maybe we are using the name just not populating it correctly from the create proposal modal)

seems applying a park to map, or square, removes the other presently applied parks' or squares' images from the map

- standardize parent/child or ancestor/descendant

- government roads probably nerfed in a refactor by accident, not worth time now to fix

are we using this? Does it even work? Can we first test it with curl?
  backend/routes/geo.js

The solutions I am thinking about:

1) There is actually not that much renaming to do. Rename the:
  - proposalId on the proposal itself
  - descendantProposalIds on the ancestor parcels
  - ancestorParcelId on the descentant parcels
  - parcelIds of the descendant parcels (because they derive form proposal Id)
  - ancestorParcelId on descendant projects... uhhh
  - did I forget something?

2) Do not rename anything locally, but rename in-flight while uploading. On the server we should always have consistent ids that, when they point to something, point to server ids.

3) Descendant parcels have to be "minted", or, while working in server mode, uploaded to the server as soon as they are created, where they get stable ids, which everything then refers to? In blockchain everything is easier, why... ah, because parcels can be minted too and would in that system... that's the difference. So should we introduce blockhain-based (for now server-based) canonical parcel ids?

4) "work online only mode", ask server for an id for every new proposal?

5) switching proposal id to a hash of key properties... hash is always the same (unlike local-x which is local-dependant) so ids are stable on target and on source...

6) make proposals always depend only on original parcels, never on derived?

7) make proposals to depend not on parcels at all, but just be geometries, applicable on whatever the ground conditions are (they can change)?

-----

but wait, about 5), hashing. If a hash of proposal A is locally afgbh234, then its proposal id is also afgbh234, and is same when we upload it to server (we don't have to change it as they are very unique). Descendant parcels will be afgbh234-1, afgbh234-2, etc, both locally and if a proposal is applied on a target. Any proposal B that is dependant on parcel afgbh234-2 will find it under same name both locally and on target.


yes. we still get serials from server and we store them in the proposal object as serverProposalId. We use these for proposal/plan sharing. But apart from that we do not update the local proposalId.
Migrate to the new hash-based approach.
For the hash we should use

Thinking what should go into the hash. All immutable properties, including, say, name, or just the geometry and ownership changes? To apply a descendant proposal, do we care which of the three proposals that produce same geometry has been applied?

OK I think we can go with this.
1. hash = city + type + parentParcelIds + generation params/geometry
2. make sure backend doesn't overwrite proposalId for local-n
3. make sure frontend doesn't update local proposalId, but do store the serial number the backend returned as serverProposalId, but it's just for reference and using in sharing links

The sidewalk is to be inside the chosen corridor width.

+ When Detect block errors out with "zoom out", we need it to select the last parcel that did work, or similar

- jerking zoom and fitbounds on parcel applications
- applying a proposal should not auto-rezoom. Add a "Fit to zoom" button on proposal details modal instead?

- unify the create road/track with the create proposal modal

Change how freeform road drawing finishes and creates a road proposal. We want to migrate it to use a version of the Create Proposal modal, adjusted/instrumented a bit, and drop the use of its current specific modal. So, we launch the Create Proposal modal. The adjustments:
- right below the header, and before the author row, we insert the screenshot
- all options are preselected and disabled. The preselected options are "Road/track" and "Partial preferred" and Upload. What we upload is the geometry created by drawing.323

- Can we revisit again the gaps in the urban rule - blocks modal. They still create strange leftover artefacts when polygons are strangely shaped

- Let's add a small simple 3d model of a car into the 3d mode, with realistic dimensions 5mx2.5mx2m, not more. The car will be placed on a road parcel in the 3d view (if any) and drive up and down slowly.


We are reapplying descendants on map pan. We should not be doing that.


-----

Explain to me the current proposal reapplication logic which happens on map fetching and reloading and how (if) it differs from my intuition.

Here is the intuition as to how it should work.

When ingesting fresh map data (on page load, for example, but also on panning or zooming out), we should ideally add to parcelLayer the parcels we have not yet added, judging by presence in parcelLayerById, not overwrite any existing ones.
When a proposal is applied to the map, it will create 0 or more descendant parcels. It will set itself as the descendant proposal of the parent parcel(s) and as the ancestor proposal of the child parcels. A proposal can also have one or more geometries / structures.
The process of applying the proposal to the map will create the necessary child parcels and geometries and place them on the map, it will also persist the child parcels and the geometries in local storage.
The process of unapplying a proposal will remove its children parcels from the map (parcelLayer) but not remove them from local storage. It will also then restore the parent parcel(s) to the map (and make sure descendantProposal is not set). If the proposal did not have child parcels, but only geometries, it will remove them from the map. They remain stored on the proposal object itself for possible future application.
On page reload we will get original/base parcels from the server and lose our current state. For that reason we need to parse through our proposals (preserved in local storage) and for the applied ones call the function that will handle their reapplication on the map. This is not the same function that does the initial application of an unapplied proposal. The difference stems from the fact that application is always sequential, while reapplication can be out-of-order.
For each of these proposals we should first check for all its parent parcels whether they exist in parcelLayerById, those that do not should be fetched before other operations proceed.
- if a proposal created 0 child parcels, it should not remove the parent parcels, instead it should check if the parent parcel is present in parcelLayer, and if not, it should re-add it (if the parent parcel is itself a child parcel it will have been skipped in drawing because it has children)
- if a proposal created 1 or more child parcels, it should remove the parent parcels from parcellayer (but not from the parcel mapping, as we wish to preserve the data, just omit drawing from the map) and place the child parcels on the map instead, but only if both of these conditions are met:
  - the child parcel is not already on the map
  - the child parcel does not have descendantProposal set (if it does, it has most likely been removed by it, so we do not draw it. Special cases are handled by the descendant proposals)
For this it should first try to fetch the children from memory, then local storage, then create them anew using the algorithm that created them in the first place. But the third option should never happen, the child parcels of a previously applied proposal should always exist in local storage, which is never purged.
On map panning, the proposal reapplication processing should only consider the newly added parcels. If they are not ancestors to any proposal, nothing should be done. 
- if a proposal contained structures / geometries, it should apply them on the map
Generally, removing parcels from parcelLayer should never be direct, it should always go through a function that checks and makes sure the parcel mapping has the parcel, so that removing it from the parcelLayer will not destroy the object.


------

- maybe reintroduce removedbyproposal? We can have very deep dependency tree. And we have the fact that some parcels remain despite having descendant proposals. And we have ordering issues -- what if proposal tries to remove an ancestor that has not been placed yet?

- what happens when we draw a road over a park? Or over a building? We can propose, but if we apply a proposal over anoher proposal, it will unapply the other, or complain it can't be applied?

We need to reintroduce removedByProposal boolean. Whenever a proposal is applied and it removes some parent parcels from parcelLayer, it should also set on them removedByProposal=true.
On map reload, when we parse traverse through proposals, we should be removing ancestor parcels, but only drawing those descendants that have 

-- we assume a consistent state of the applied world

- prevent the application of proposals over proposals -- test this
- prevent this also for roads, and it is best if we simply disallow roads to pass over parcels that have proposals applied to them?
- creating numerous proposals for same parcels is fine, but not applying them
- but then what about the decide later proposal that creates a superparcel that we actually want to propose on? Superparcels and reparcellization a special case?

- on second pasting of same shared proposals link in the same browser it gets stuck on "fetching..." and infinite spinner ... it should just attempt the fetch and application of proposals and report it skipped all proposals because they are already applied
Fetching proposal
Fetching proposal #205… 0.01 MB

Let's make it possible to create a road proposal from multiple unconnected segments. In the road info panel's button row add another button: (C)reate. (F)inish should be renamed (F)inish segment. (C)reate should be the button triggering the create modal, instead of F.
F should just finish the segment and detach the preview segment from the mouse pointer. A new click on the map does not continue the previous segment, it starts a new segment. The disjointed segments still form one road.
Everything else should work the same as it does now.

Let's remove the "connect wallet" or "create in memory" choice dialog. Instead, for all the Create Proposal buttons we should be checking silently if a wallet is connected, if not, we know we are in in-memory mode and automatically create objects in-memory. If a wallet is connected, we launch the blockchain minting process.